Parachain Intro Refactor (#122)
w3f/w3f-education: docs/introparachain.md

If you wish to only learn about the current relay chain and parachain architecture, then you only need to read the [first section](./Parachain/beginner/section1/index.md).  Otherwise, this guide also provides the means to begin your parachain development journey.

:::tip Suggested Prerequisite/Complementary Reading 

The following courses, or knowledge of these subjects in general will aid you in smoothly following this guide.  As FRAME and Substrate are inevitable to know if you wish to modify and customize your parachain, the following courses cover highly useful material for this purpose:

1. [Intro to Rust](./introrust.md)
2. [Intro to Substrate](./introsubstrate.md)

* [**Rust**](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) should already be installed on your system
* For a smoother start, clone the [Parachain Guide Resources](https://github.com/w3f/parachain-guide-resources) repository

:::

The primary goals are:

> - Learn the basics of how Polkadot works as a **sharded** network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn the basics of how Polkadot works as an **execution sharded** network.
```

Author: sidenote: probably will change this in the future to avoid the sharded terminology, but it is acceptable for now
